I'm gonna show you a beautiful 1971 Pro
Touring Chevelle this is a unique and
ultra cool 71 finished a beautiful black
exterior white Super Sport stripes SS
badges very nice Foose wheels
really cool Cruiser and loaded up with
equipment this is one you can jump in
and I swear I think you can drive back
and forth to coast-to-coast with no
issues whatsoever in the car it always
starts it always runs beautifully and
looks terrific this is a high-end driver
quality paint job which means it's not
gonna go to Pebble Beach Concours nice
from four or five feet it looks perfect
if you look up close you'll see some
minor imperfections here and there if
you demand only a perfect black paint
job good luck with finding that this
would not be that car this one was built
to cruise to take two local shows and
just enjoy drive the car if she was
built to run no question about it
let's take a look inside beautiful
bucket seat interior turn the light on
here there we go
nice and clean everywhere you look
certainly no rust on a vehicle at this
level nice and clean underneath full
complement of custom gauges and they
work ss steering wheel really nice
stereo system in the car about air
conditioning in your Pro Touring
Chevelle right there stock original
console I believe it's a turbo 350
transmission in it shifts and operates
beautifully
just a really clean nice-looking custom
Chevelle they built this one with no
dome light in the build so it does not
have a dome light again nice clean
installation of the stereo system plays
beautifully and this car is fun to drive
I'll show you why
one of the reasons is it's equipped
again with the beautiful Foose wheels
they're quite expensive and aerospace
automotive four-wheel disc brakes with
slotted and drilled rotors so they bring
this beauty down from high speeds
great-looking car
let's take a peek under the hood
it is a small block not original to the
car but it is a wonderful small block
350 block originally all rebuilt and
reworked custom air-conditioning modern
air conditioning and heat in this car
ceramic coated headers dressed up with
the aluminum valve covers and why not a
supercharger on your 350 Pro Touring
Chevelle under hood Edelbrock
four-barrel intake custom air cleaner
system right there there's your power
four wheel disc brake system over there
MSD electronic ignition Optima battery
there's the factory air conditioning
components right there
just a really neat show and go 71
Chevelle and it does go this car is
smooth its powerful its equivalent to a
big-block as far as power is concerned
but it's much smoother and all I can
tell you - just to describe it is it's
very user friendly this is the car you
can jump in and go wherever you want to
go and you know it's gonna get there and
bring you home and great style and
luxury let's fire it on this car by the
way is priced on sale for thirty six
nine ninety and that includes free and
closed delivery to your door anywhere in
the 48 states see how it sounds
again this car always starts beautifully
just one of those no issue cars
yeah my stereo system in the car
you might be interested in a sweet
little showpiece like this give me a
call my name is Jeff Whittaker
you can reach me at four one out five
six two nine three one nine
you